I was motivated to buy it.
Your brother is too funny.
You just get a broken card,
You can come down to me. Really, you are on par with the Lord,
This is making a black card.
Oops, are you still making black cards?
As far as I know this card,
It is impossible to appear in General Rou, and you are a person of Huaxing Shanggui,
Do you also know that Huaxing Shanggui?
Yes, a noble young master like me, a Chinese businessman,
The eldest young master of Huaxing Shanggui, Huaxing Shanggui deducts the approval,
That's what they said,
Huajing Chamber of Commerce harmed
We go bankrupt
I tell you
Is there really someone from the Hua Jing Chamber of Commerce?
I and the others
I heard that you are feeling tired
Did you buy some famous dance material tea?
Where do I want it?
If you don’t take it back, there will be
Do you think you are a big dancer?
Think about it, is it quite popular?
Who is a great dancer? Who is a great dancer?
Are you also selling Shaoguan?
What I sell is barbecue, not barbecue.
What do you call
Anyway, they are all sellers from the bottom of society.
Selling dance materials, tea and milk
can you afford it
No. How much is mine?
I often have to order